[WIP] Docs: cli tour (#5831)
supabase/supabase: web/docs/guides/local-development.mdx

Stop Supabase services and let's build a real application next.

## Migrations

You can also use the CLI to manage your migrations. 

> ## 2. Changing schema

Reviewer: Hmm I guess "Making schema changes" is more apt

> ## 2. Changing schema

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 2. Making schema changes
```

To change the schema for the local database, simply run some SQL against the `DB URL` shown by `supabase start`. For the tour, we'll run these changes using a Postgres client of your choice:

```sql

> CREATE TABLE boarders(

Reviewer: Obscure Hitchhiker's Guide reference, meant to be spaceship boarders. Can use a more neutral example if you like

	id int4 PRIMARY KEY,
	name text
);
```

Now we have the `boarders` table in the local database, but how do we incorporate this into migrations? If you've used other migration tools, you might be used to writing the migrations manually, but here we just need to run:

```sh
supabase db commit add_boarders
```

This will create a new migration named `<timestamp>_add_boarders.sql` that represents any changes we've done to the local database since `supabase start`.

It won't be interesting without sample data in the table, but instead of inserting it directly, we use the seed script in `supabase/seed.sql`. This way we don't have to run it manually every time we run `supabase start`.

```sql
-- in supabase/seed.sql
INSERT INTO boarders(id, name) VALUES (1, 'Arthur Dent'), (2, 'Ford Prefect');
```

Now run the following to rerun the migration scripts and the seed script:

```sql
supabase db reset
```

Then run the following:

```sh
npm install
npm run start
```

You should now see the contents of `boarders`. Hooray!

## 3. Resetting schema changes

> What if we ran some nasty SQL on the local database and want to wipe it all clean?

Author: ```suggestion
If you run some SQL on the local database which you want to revert, you can use the `reset` command.
```

```sql
-- run on local database

> ALTER TABLE boarders ADD occupation text DEFAULT 'Hitchhiker';

Author: lowercase
